welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain the american action
thriller film
real steel the film begins showing a
negligent man
his name is charlie he is unemployed and
he earns his bread and butter
taking the part in the robot boxing
fight but he is defeated in a robot
fight just now
so there is nothing left for him so he
leads his life
asking from others he comes to know that
a grand competition is going to be
helped
so he makes his biggest robot now the
day of that competition had arrived
he begins to drive towards there taking
his robot
actually his huge robot had the fighting
match with a big bowl
it was not an ordinary bull but it had
won many competitions
it was black gigantic and aggressive
bull tally eventually reaches there
and he finalizes the amount of money
with its owner
you will have to pay me twenty thousand
dollars if i win the match
owner replies of course you will have to
pay me the same amount of money if you
lose the fight
so the fight begins charlie has a remote
control
through which he was controlling his
robot on the other side there was no
need to control the bull
it was enough to cope with that robot in
the beginning
charlie is controlling his robot
perfectly but his robot falls down
because of his little diversion of
attention
bull had badly damaged his robot now
charlie begins to worry
how will my robot fight so he says to
that man that
let's start this match again no
your robot will become the part of
junkyard and it happens the same
that gigantic bull damages that robot
entirely
it turns the robot into the small pieces
it is obvious that
charlie had lost the fight now he had to
pay 20
000 to the owner of bull according to
the deal
he had not a single penny being worried
he starts escaping from there
he hides at a place then two persons
appear there
they tell him that lady is no more with
whom you used to live 10 years ago
now you have also a son who is 10 years
old he has lonesome now because his
mother has passed away
his aunt wants to take his custody this
decision cannot be taken without your
permission
now tell us do you want to take the
custody of your son or will allow his
aunt to hold his charge
charlie was already wanted to escape
from there so he immediately moves to
the court from there
where that child's aunt is saying in the
court that i am wealthiest so i can take
care of this child properly
i will fulfill what he demands then he
requests to
charlie going there charlie was free
from care whose hands take the charge of
his son
because he had never encountered him and
he was going to permit
but he hits upon a plan he thinks that
he will pretend as he does not want to
give his son in the custody of his aunt
he is undoubtedly enough wealthy that
she will offer me money
give the custody of this child in place
of this amount of money
getting much money i will let her to
take the charge of my child
and he does the same the aunt and uncle
of that child make a deal with
charlie all right you may take the
amount of 100
000 but let us to take the charge of
your son
charlie is very excited on it that he
got 100 000
without any effort the aunt of that
child says to charlie that but do a
favor for us
actually we have to go somewhere for
three months
so you will have to take the charge of
your son for three months
afterwards we will take him along with
us forever so
charlie has to agree with them now
charlie directly moves to a place
taking his son and the amount of money
meeting a man
he hands him over 50 000 he says to him
just make a marvelous robot for me that
man says
don't worry it will be carried out in
this payment
charlie's son hears this conversation so
he feels bad
charlie says to him a marvelous robot is
going to be got in place of this payment
they get that robot within a few days
they both name him
noisy boy it was too solid and huge
charlie thinks
why is there not the fight of robot is i
have got this excellent robot
charlie's son says i will also accompany
you now they move to a place
and the robot fight is begun using this
robot
charlie could win this fight if he
wanted but he was negligent so he badly
loses this fight again
[Music]
because the opponent man's robot
separates the hand off
noisy boy at first then it segregates
its head from its robotic body
charlie is very disappointed on this
defeat he says to him
i will repair this robot at any cost
then they go to the scrapyard from there
so that they may find such material
which is useful to repair their robot
it is heavily raining there and they are
searching for their spare parts
at the same time that child begins to
fall down while slipping
charlie immediately saves him then the
child notices
which thing that causes slipping so he
observes a weird thing
it was the old robotic hand he says to
his father
let's take it out but charlie declares
we have no time for this
it is also raining but that child says
okay
i myself will take it out afterwards
they both approached charlie's friend
who had a little information about the
robots charlie tells his friend my son
has brought a robot
i don't know which old robot he has
taken from the junkyard
charlie's son says his father have a
look on it at once
it is perfect now charlie's friend also
more repaired it
consequently it is activated that robot
s name was atom it was strongest robot
and no one knew it charlie is pleased
seeing it
he says to his son we will take it in
the grand competition
most powerful robot boxer of the world
is there and no one defeated it till
today
atom had a trade that it used to store
the information into its memory
it means that he learnt everything what
was taught to it either teach it the
fighting skill or show another thing
it used to mimic it now charlie and his
son train this robot so that it may
fight with that robot boxer
at last that time approaches when atom
becomes a most skillful robot it
partakes in many competitions
the interesting fact was that charlie
and his robot atom
had started to win many competitions and
charlie is offered for many time for
this that sell us your robot either take
from us two hundred thousand dollars
but charlie's son was not consented for
this he used to say that we let it take
part in more fights
and we will compete in a grand
competition after training our robots
atom is being trained because of the
competition which are going on
there was again atoms fight with the
strongest robot
now this fight begins charlie's son had
also trained it dancing
and he participates the competition
while dancing
he confronts a two-headed robot it puts
a heavy hand on it as it approaches
and they both start fighting adam and
that robot were also hitting each other
again and again
and they punch each other many times it
was realizing that strong robot boxer
will win the match
but atom is eventually wins the match as
a result
charlie is contented charlie takes a
heavy amount of money from those people
he is nearly to leave from there then
his old enemy appears there
the same opponent man whose bull had
defeated charlie's robot
and charlie had to pay him twenty
thousand dollars
they grab all money from charlie and
charlie's son is witnessing everything
charlie becomes disappointed he says to
his son
there is no benefit for coming days i
cannot foster you
i have not a single penny now that
child's aunt and uncle had also come
back
charlie says to his son come i may leave
you to your aunt
that child says no i want to live with
you
he forcefully takes the charge of his
son to his aunt
and he comes back his friend asks her
where is your son
he tells that i have given him in the
custody of his aunt
i had to do it otherwise i was not
getting courage to take care of him
his friend says to him charlie are you
in your senses
here's your son what is your issue if he
wants to live with you
immediately go to him then charlie has
to carry it out
charlie had felt that he was his son who
taught atom these skills
he says to his son going to him my son
our fight is going to be held with zeus
robot
it was the same powerful robot which had
never been defeated till today by anyone
and we have also needed to train at him
so his son happily accompanies him
and his aunt does also not forbid him
rather she permits her blissfully
now the day has arrived when there is
fight between atom and
zeus robot all are very rejoiced
because atom had been winning many
previous matches
and his opponent robot was zeus today it
means
the strongest robot of the world many
people makes a bet on it
here that man had also come who was the
owner of gold
he says adam will lose the fight so he
also makes a bet of a heavy amount
which was going to come back according
to him but who knows what happens next
now news robot appears there which was
the horrific arrival
the competition was going to start
charlie and his son
are confused saying that zeus robot but
charlie says to his son we will have to
win the match at any cost
we can do it they are told that there
will be the five rounds of their boxing
match
the first round starts zeus robot
instantly punches atom
as it begins atom falls down but leo's
robot continues to hit it with its fists
sue's robot was not giving a chance that
it may take any action
atom loses its much energy here now news
robot hits on its head
consequently atom becomes motionless
falling down
here the timing of first round knockout
starts but
charlie's son shouts get up at him you
will have to win the match
and atom begins to move here getting up
immediately
atom punches hardly to news robot
all spectators are left shocked because
no robot had ever punched
use robot so hardly feeling victorious
atom
begins to punch more to use robot
but leo's robot flies into rage failing
someone hit me
zeus robot hits atom many times that it
does not get a chance to punch it back
both are hitting each other and atom is
also protecting itself
here the timing of first round has ended
charlie repairs atom
and calms it down coming there now round
two begins
both are fighting with each other in the
second round but
year's robot was enough strong that it
was not getting any harm by the punches
of atom now zeus robot begins to attack
atom and it knocks down fortunately it
gets up again as the timing of second
round was going to over
third round has the same situation now
fourth round is started
atom was badly beaten but charlie was
continuously motivating it and charlie's
son was more motivating it saying
you can do it atom does not lose its
courage and continues its fight with
news robot zeus robot takes atom to the
corner of boxing stage that its body
begins to extract the fuel
and atom loses its energy the round bell
rings before atoms vocal respond
controls are damaged
and the round four has ended here
charlie immediately comes there
and he brings some changes to mend it
now the fifth round was going to start
but atom's condition was not as such
that it may find so charlie's son
presents an idea to his father
we know that atom mimics our actions now
he has not much courage to fight itself
why do you not show your boxing skill
standing beside it
it will begin to mimic you charlie asks
how is it possible
there are number of people and they will
observe me charlie's son suggest him
be out of ring you may show your
excitement his audience is doing
no one will suspect you now the round
starts which was final one
and charlie begins to act like this atom
begins to make it through its shadow
function according to their plan
zeus robot begins to attack it as the
round begins
and it is punching it atom is defending
itself at the beginning
getting the chance he also begins to
punch it in return
now zeo's robot's charging was lowering
so it starts to stop
witnessing it charlie is extremely happy
he says
i will defeat it easily now so it begins
to hit with his fists
atom also begins to hit zeus robot with
its fist mimicking
charlie saying use robot it's owner
begins to control it
he was not tolerating it as news robot
is being defeated
contrarily charlie was also self-assured
he is highly jumping
mimicking him atom also attacks zeus
robot
for many times it is revealed here that
charlie was a trained boxer
but box's job spoiled when the robots
were made people gave the priority to
the robot boxing fight
boxes had been ignored by everyone
charlie's friend starts to beat when he
is skillfully boxing
and his son also becomes the sentimental
because he was feeling proud on his
father
that his father is trained boxer he
always wished to see his father like
this
spectators begin to encourage charlie
and adam
chali has started to remember his old
memories of his profession
so he is fighting passionately charlie
eventually
attacks use robot's chin through atom
such skill had never been shown
zeus robot system detects error due to
this
and it prostrates now the amount of
seconds counting is started
because it was the final round adam had
been warned if
new's robot did not get up during the
seconds counting
but the owner of use robot could not let
it be
he makes it get up in any way now adam
had to win
and he had developed much confidence he
begins to punch him as
views robot gets up he attacks it for
many times
as a result zeus robot knocks down again
the owner of
zeus robot damages the remote control
now
zeus robots charging was also low so
there was no any chance that dude's
robot
may get up again charlie was clearly
witnessing that he and
atom have won the match he faced
excitement and his friend and son also
compliment him
now it was going to be declared who is
actually the winner
but all are left stunned when it is
announced because they had declared
zeus robot a winner it was right because
deuce robot had fought better in every
round
it was only the final round where atom
defeated it
but no one feels happiness on this
result spectators expressed it was the
final round which was enjoyed
it was remarkable fight and you're
declared views robot the winner
spectators begin to make a noise and the
judges who had announced
news robot a winner they say just stop
listen the complete announcement sears
robot wins on the result of scores
but the champion of this fight is atom
here atom is titled champion
charlie receives many compliments and a
heavy amount of money
sioux's robot was damaged so it was in
vain to declare it winner
and all begin to feel excitement and
charlie embraces his son blissfully
charlie's son says to his father i am
proud of you
and charlie also says to his son i have
also great affections for you
the money which has been awarded to me i
will take your back returning this money
to your aunt
now i will not let you go far charlie's
son also says
i want to be like you and this movie
completes with upbeat ending
subscribe for watch more video turn on
notification
don't forget to like comment and share
thank you for watching and your time